[Server] Rework module to fix PHP warnings, typos, switch to prepared statements (#974)
lansuite/lansuite: CHANGELOG.md

- [Boxes/Login] Sign up and Password Recovery are now text links below the login box and not only icons anymore (for better usability)
- [PDF] Usage of core fonts from fpdf instead of `ext_inc/pdf_fonts`
- [Security] Set Cookies HTTP only and protocol aware (https)

> - [Server] Switch Server hardware informatiuon from Megabyte to Gigabyte (for RAM) and from Megaherz to Gigaherz for CPU

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Server] Changed CPU and RAM Unit of Measure from Mega to Giga in Server hardware informatiuon, added Voice as Servertype
```

Author: ```suggestion
- [Server] Changed CPU and RAM Unit of measure from Mega to Giga in Server hardware information
- [Server] Limited visibility for non-Admins to active party
```
